[docs] [ORM] Doc for Dapper ORM (#14957)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/develop/build-apps/csharp/ysql-dapper.md

- [.NET SDK 6.0](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download) or later.

## Clone the "orm-examples" repository

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/YugabyteDB-Samples/orm-examples.git && cd orm-examples/csharp/dapper/DapperORM
```

## Database configuration

To modify the database connection settings, change the `DefaultConnection` field in `appsettings.json` file which is in the following format:

`Host=$hostName; Port=$dbPort; Username=$dbUser; Password=$dbPassword; Database=$database`

| Properties | Description | Default |
| :--------- | :---------- | :------ |
| Host | Database server IP address or DNS name. | 127.0.0.1 |
| Port | Database port where it accepts client connections. | 5433 |
| Username | The username to connect to the database. | yugabyte |
| Password | The password to connect to the database. |  |
| Database | Database instance in database server. | yugabyte |

## Start the REST API server

To change default port for REST API Server, go to `Properties/launchSettings.json` and change the `applicationUrl` field under the `DapperORM` field.

- Build the REST API server.

  ```sh
  $ dotnet build
  ```

- Run the REST API server

  ```sh
  $ dotnet run
  ```

> The REST server will run at `http://localhost:8080` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The REST server runs at `http://localhost:8080` by default.
```

```sql
yugabyte=# SELECT * FROM users;
```

```output
 user_id | first_name | last_name |      user_email
---------+------------+-----------+----------------------
       1 | John       | Smith     | jsmith@example.com
     101 | Tom        | Stewart   | tstewart@example.com
(2 rows)
```

```sql
yugabyte=# SELECT * FROM products;
```

```output
 product_id |    description    | price | product_name
------------+-------------------+-------+--------------
          1 | 200 page notebook |  7.50 | Notebook
        101 | Mechanical pencil |  2.50 | Pencil
(2 rows)
```

Create 2 orders with products using the `userId` for John.

```sh
$ curl \
  --data '{ "userId": "1", "products": [ { "productId": 1, "units": 2 } ] }' \
  -v -X POST -H 'Content-Type:application/json' http://localhost:8080/orders
```

```sh
$ curl \
  --data '{ "userId": "1", "products": [ { "productId": 1, "units": 2 }, { "productId": 101, "units": 4 } ] }' \
  -v -X POST -H 'Content-Type:application/json' http://localhost:8080/orders
```

## Query results

### Use the YSQL shell

```sql

> ysql_dapper=# SELECT count(*) FROM users;

Reviewer: when did the database change?

Author: Thanks for pointing it out.
